Content Creation:
Will users input their own text/story, or do you want AI to generate stories?
-With the mvp, it should have the users input their own text.

Should users upload their own photos, or do you want to provide stock photos?
-Users should upload their own photos.

What types of stories are you targeting? (motivational, educational, personal, business, etc.)
-All of the above. - Let's focus on motivational and educational


User Experience:
Who is your target audience? (content creators, businesses, personal users?)
-The main target audience are content creators, but anyone would be able to use the app.

Should users be able to customize text styling, fonts, colors, positioning?
-Customization would be nice, but we could start out with just a couple options. For example, Instagram only has a few options for font style with the text feature on stories.

Do you want templates or completely free-form design?
-I think, go with what is easiest to build first. But it we find product-market-fit, we could have both.


Technical Approach:
For the web-to-mobile conversion, are you thinking React Native, Flutter, or native development?
-React Native
Do you want real-time preview as users type their story?
-If it’s an automated process, the user will see the finished carousel with the text already on the photos. At that point, it would be nice for the user to be able to make changes and see a real time preview of each photo.

Should users be able to export in different formats (images, video, etc.)?
-yes - Imagges for the mvp


Business Model:
Free app with premium features, subscription-based, or one-time purchase?
-Free app with premium features. Premium version is subscription based.

Any specific monetization ideas?
- Free version of the app has ads.

